---
date: '2021-02-03'
title: 'Terms and Conditions'
toc: false
---

By using the Litten mobile app ("Service"), or any services of Litten ("Litten"), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service"). IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND ALL USERS WHO ACCESS OUR SERVICES THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS "YOU" OR "YOUR" SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY, ITS AFFILIATES AND USERS ASSOCIATED WITH IT. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.

If Litten makes material changes to these Terms, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on our site or mobile app before the changes are effective. Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at: <https://litten.app/terms-and-conditions>

Violation of any of the terms below will result in the termination of your Account. While Litten prohibits such conduct and Content on the Service, you understand and agree that Litten cannot be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials. You agree to use the Service at your own risk.

1. You must be 13 years or older to use this Service.
1. You must be a human. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted.
1. You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the signup process.
1. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. Litten cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
1. You are responsible for all Content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even when Content is posted by others who have accounts under your account).
1. You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright or trademark laws).
1. You are solely responsible for properly canceling your account. An email or phone request to cancel your account is not considered cancellation. You can cancel your account at any time trough the mobile app.
1. All of your Content will be immediately deleted from the Service upon cancellation. This information can not be recovered once your account is cancelled.
1. Litten, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service, or any other Litten service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all Content in your Account. Litten reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
1. We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Service. Your profile and materials uploaded remain yours. However, you agree to allow others to view your Content.
1. Litten does not pre-screen Content, but Litten and its designee have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any Content that is available via the Service.
1. You shall defend Litten against any claim, demand, suit or proceeding made or brought against Litten by a third party alleging that Your Content, or Your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement, infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property rights of a third party or violates applicable law, and shall indemnify Litten for any damages finally awarded against, and for reasonable attorney’s fees incurred by, Litten in connection with any such claim, demand, suit or proceeding; provided, that Litten (a) promptly gives You written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding; (b) gives You sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that You may not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases Litten of all liability); and (c) provides to You all reasonable assistance, at Your expense.
1. The look and feel, but not the functionality, of the Service is copyright ©2020 Tânia Matos. All rights reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the visual design elements or concepts without express written permission from Tânia Matos.
1. Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
1. Support for Litten services is only available in English or Portuguese, via email, and in English via Litten issues.
1. You understand that Litten uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Service.
1. You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service, Litten, or any other Litten service.
1. We may, but have no obligation to, remove Content and Accounts containing Content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party's intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
1. Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any Litten user, developer, member, or collaborator will result in immediate account termination.
1. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may be transfered unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
1. Litten does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
1. You expressly understand and agree that Litten shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Litten has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) or any other matter relating to the service.
1. The failure of Litten to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Litten and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Litten (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). You agree that these Terms of Service and Your use of the Service are governed under applicable local law.
1. Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to help@litten.app.
1. Any translation into other language of the Terms of Service shall be deemed as reference and the English version shall prevail in any case.
